# ABOUT DOCKER NETWORKING
To connect the docker container and the outside world to communicate with Docker Host. The containers can be connected to non-Docker workloads. To add to that, Docker uses the CNM(Container Network Model) Model for networking. The CNM model standardizes the steps needed to provide networking for containers utilizing multiple network drivers. 
When we install Docker , a default bridge network named  docker0 is created. Each new Docker container is automatically attached to this network, unless a custom network is specified.Besides  docker0  , two other networks get created automatically by Docker:  host  (no isolation between host and containers on this network, to the outside world they are on the same network) and  none  (attached containers run on container-specific network stack).The most common network types being:  bridge, overlay, and  macvlan.
We can use the docker network ls command to see default network i.e. bridge ,host,none ,we can’t remove them docker network rm <network>(Network id or network name).
 # Bridge Network
The network with the name bridge is the default network a container is attached to by default. A bridge driver creates an isolated pool of private IP addresses (a private subnet) on the host which usually starts with an IP address 172.X.X.X.Bridge networks are easy to create, manage and troubleshoot.The docker network inspect bridge command displays the configuration of the network.It shows that the name of the network is bridge(Name field), it was created from the bridge driver (Driver field) and its ID is 9a923c76f347 (Id field).For the containers on bridge network to communicate or be reachable from the outside world, port mapping needs to be configured. As an example, consider we have a Docker container running a web service on port  80  . Because this container is attached to the bridge network on a private subnet, a port on the host system like  8080  needs to be mapped to port  80 on the container for outside traffic to reach the web service.
To create custom  bridge network docker network create -d bridge my-bridge-net 
 # Overlay Network
An overlay network uses software virtualization to create additional layers of network abstraction running on top of a physical network. In Docker, an overlay network driver is used for multi-host network communication. 
 # Macvlan Network
The macvlan driver is used to connect Docker containers directly to the host network interfaces through layer 2 segmentation. No use of port mapping or network address translation (NAT) is needed and containers can be assigned a public IP address which is accessible from the outside world. Latency in macvlan networks is low since packets are routed directly from Docker host network interface controller (NIC) to the containers.
